Script to derive and compile biomechanical property measurements for tensile testing output data for individual tendons and plot datasets. 
Baseline correction was performed by subtracting the minimum force value from preconditioning cycles and the initial force value from the failure segment. A Savitzky–Golay filter with a window of 101 was applied to baseline-corrected load and displacement in the preconditioning cycles and to stress in the hold. Stress was calculated from corrected force and cross-sectional area and strain from displacement and original sample length for each sample. Hysteresis was calculated as the difference in area (work) between the corrected load-displacement curves for the loading and unloading portions of the first cycle using incremental trapezoid integration. Stress relaxation was calculated from the hold portion of the curve to determine the percentage drop and the rate of change of stress from the start to the end of the hold. 
In the failure region the failure point was defined as the point with the maximum corrected load, from which failure force, extension, stress and strain were derived. Maximum modulus was restricted to 5 - 60% of peak stress to exclude the non-linear toe and pre-failure regions. The modulus was calculated from a series of fixed windows of 0.01 strain within which the slope was calculated from a fitted linear model and the maximum value from all strain windows selected as the maximum modulus, from which stress and strain at maximum modulus were also derived. Smoothing and use of a moving average filter was unsuitable as the resulting maximum modulus values were an order of magnitude higher than published values for mouse tail tendon. Fitting a polynomial to calculate the tangent modulus was also unsuitable as the maximum modulus tended towards peak stress boundaries.  Outputs were written as .csv and .xlsx files with  force-time and force extension plots embedded for each sample. Representative samples were manually inspected to verify automated analysis accuracy.
